README.md, before:

[Iris - is the personification of the rainbow and messenger of the gods. Iris links the gods to humanity. She travels with the speed of wind from one end of the world to the other, and into the depths of the sea and the underworld (spaghetti code can I get a hell yeah?).](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iris_(mythology))
======

A simple RPC system that filters calls based on Module, Function, Arity (MFA).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zmoshansky/iris.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/zmoshansky/iris) [![Hex.pm](http://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/iris.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/iris) [![Hex.pm](http://img.shields.io/hexpm/dt/iris.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/iris) [![Github Issues](http://githubbadges.herokuapp.com/zmoshansky/iris/issues.svg)](https://github.com/zmoshansky/iris/issues) [![Pending Pull-Requests](http://githubbadges.herokuapp.com/zmoshansky/iris/pulls.svg)](https://github.com/zmoshansky/iris/pulls)

#### Warning ####
First and foremost, this module allows remote calls into your codebase. It should be checked thoroughly for any potential security threats.

Allow lists and module prefixing should help to reduce, and hopefully eliminate, the risk of inadvertent damage. Additionally, tests and `mix dialyzer` have been used to try and assert correctness as much as possible.

```
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
```

#### Description ####
Iris checks calls against an allowlist before proceeding to dispatch them. It takes a list containing the [Module, Function, Args], aka MFA, as specified in the docs and shown in tests. Iris will only convert strings to existing atoms in an effort to prevent unlimited atoms from being created. Furthermore, Iris traps all exceptions and returns {:error, "Invalid Call"}, allowing for the transport layer to communicate a failure to the requester (This can be disabled by `debug: true`, see #Config).

Iris can optionally add an `assigns` parameter which will be passed as the first argument to the function being requested. This is particularly useful to add local data to the RPC call, ex.) session information for a user. See `process_call/3`. Remember, if using `process_call/3`, that the assigns counts as an argument when specifying the arity in config.

`mod_prefix` can also be used to "namespace" the module string, this can help to hide the app structure, or add another layer of defense; assuming the allowlist failed, or the wrong module is accidently added.


#### Config ####
Iris is easily configured and allows for multiple option sets. In the following example, the key `:public` or `:private` is used to specify groupings of allowed calls and module prefixes. These groupings can be used to compose forms of MAC or other authorization layers. See `config.exs` and the tests to get a better idea.

The general form of an allowlist is a map where the keys are the module atoms, pointing to a submap where the keys are the function atoms, and the value is a list specifying the arity of the functions. Ex.) `:"Elixir.Iris.Test.TestModule" => %{test_public: [1,2]}` would specify the `Elixir.Iris.Test.TestModule`, function `test_public` of arity 1, or 2. Remember, if using `process_call/3`, that the assigns counts as an argument.


```
config :iris, Iris,
  debug: false

config :iris, :public,
  allow: %{
    :"Elixir.Iris.Test.TestModule" => %{test_public: [1]}
  },
  mod_prefix: "Elixir.Iris.Test."

config :iris, :private,
  allow: %{
    :"Elixir.Iris.Test.TestModule" => %{test_private: [1], test_assigns: [2]}
  },
  mod_prefix: "Elixir.Iris.Test."
```

Commit message:

Updated Iris to check whether it should capture errors at compile time. Returns status atoms, and parsed args if possible

README.md, after:

[Iris - is the personification of the rainbow and messenger of the gods. Iris links the gods to humanity. She travels with the speed of wind from one end of the world to the other, and into the depths of the sea and the underworld (spaghetti code can I get a hell yeah?).](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iris_(mythology))
======

A simple RPC system that filters calls based on Module, Function, Arity (MFA).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zmoshansky/iris.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/zmoshansky/iris) [![Hex.pm](http://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/iris.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/iris) [![Hex.pm](http://img.shields.io/hexpm/dt/iris.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/iris) [![Github Issues](http://githubbadges.herokuapp.com/zmoshansky/iris/issues.svg)](https://github.com/zmoshansky/iris/issues) [![Pending Pull-Requests](http://githubbadges.herokuapp.com/zmoshansky/iris/pulls.svg)](https://github.com/zmoshansky/iris/pulls)

#### Warning ####
First and foremost, this module allows remote calls into your codebase. It should be checked thoroughly for any potential security threats.

Allow lists and module prefixing should help to reduce, and hopefully eliminate, the risk of inadvertent damage. Additionally, tests and `mix dialyzer` have been used to try and assert correctness as much as possible.

```
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
```

#### Description ####
Iris checks calls against an allowlist before proceeding to dispatch them. It takes a list containing the [Module, Function, Args], aka MFA, as specified in the docs and shown in tests. Iris will only convert strings to existing atoms in an effort to prevent unlimited atoms from being created. Furthermore, Iris traps all exceptions and returns {:error, Iris.Errors.*, mfa_or_raw_params}, allowing for the transport layer to communicate a failure to the requester. This can be disabled by `debug: true`(see #Config). Note: Iris needs to be re-compiled after changing `:debug`, this is due to it being optimized out at compile time.

Iris can optionally add an `assigns` parameter which will be passed as the first argument to the function being requested. This is particularly useful to add local data to the RPC call, ex.) session information for a user. See `process_call/3`. Remember, if using `process_call/3`, that the assigns counts as an argument when specifying the arity in config.

`mod_prefix` can also be used to "namespace" the module string, this can help to hide the app structure, or add another layer of defense; assuming the allowlist failed, or the wrong module is accidently added.


#### Config ####
Iris is easily configured and allows for multiple option sets. In the following example, the key `:public` or `:private` is used to specify groupings of allowed calls and module prefixes. These groupings can be used to compose forms of MAC or other authorization layers. See `config.exs` and the tests to get a better idea.

The general form of an allowlist is a map where the keys are the module atoms, pointing to a submap where the keys are the function atoms, and the value is a list specifying the arity of the functions. Ex.) `:"Elixir.Iris.Test.TestModule" => %{test_public: [1,2]}` would specify the `Elixir.Iris.Test.TestModule`, function `test_public` of arity 1, or 2. Remember, if using `process_call/3`, that the assigns counts as an argument.


```
# **NOTE**: Iris must be compiled after changing debug. (mix deps.clean iris && mix deps.compile iris)
config :iris, Iris,
  debug: false

config :iris, :public,
  allow: %{
    :"Elixir.Iris.Test.TestModule" => %{test_public: [1]}
  },
  mod_prefix: "Elixir.Iris.Test."

config :iris, :private,
  allow: %{
    :"Elixir.Iris.Test.TestModule" => %{test_private: [1], test_assigns: [2]}
  },
  mod_prefix: "Elixir.Iris.Test."
```
